199. Thread life cycle states: Write several programs that capture each life cycle
state of a thread.
200. Object- versus class-level locking: Write several examples that exemplify
object- versus class-level locking via thread synchronization.
201. Thread pools in Java: Provide a brief overview of thread pools in Java.
202. Thread pool with a single thread: Write a program that simulates an
assembly line for checking and packing up bulbs using two workers.
203. Thread pool with a fixed number of threads: Write a program that
simulates an assembly line for checking and packing up bulbs using
multiple workers.
Concurrency - Thread Pools, Callables, and Synchronizers Chapter 10
[ 565 ]
204. Cached and scheduled thread pools: Write a program that simulates an
assembly line for checking and packing up bulbs using workers as needed
(for example, adapt the number of packers (increase or decrease) to ingest
the incoming flux produced by the checker).
205. Work-stealing thread pool: Write a program that relies on a work-stealing
thread pool. More precisely, write a program that simulates an assembly
line for checking and packing up bulbs as follows: checking takes place
during the day, and packing takes place at night. The checking process
results in a queue of 15 million bulbs every day.
206. Callable and Future: Write a program that simulates an assembly line
for checking and packing up bulbs using Callable and Future.
207. Invoking multiple Callable tasks: Write a program that simulates an
assembly line for checking and packing up bulbs as follows: checking takes
place during the day, and packing takes place at night. The checking
process results in a queue of 100 bulbs every day. The packing process
should pack and return all the bulbs at once. In other words, we should
submit all Callable tasks and wait for all of them to complete.
208. Latches: Write a program that relies on CountDownLatch to simulate the
process of starting a server. The server is considered started after its
internal services have started. Services can be started concurrently and are
independent of each other.
209. Barriers: Write a program that relies on CyclicBarrier to simulate the
process of starting a server. The server is considered started after its
internal services have started. Services can be prepared for start
concurrently (this is time-consuming), but they run interdependently –
therefore, once they are ready to start, they must be started all at once.
210. Exchangers: Write a program that simulates using Exchanger, an
assembly line for checking and packing up bulbs using two workers. A
worker (the checker) is checking bulbs and adding them in a basket. When
the basket is full, the worker gives it to the other worker (the packer) from
whom they receive an empty basket. The process repeats until the assembly
line stops.
211. Semaphores: Write a program that simulates using one Semaphore per
day at the barbershop. Mainly, our barbershop can serve a maximum of
three people at a time (it has only three seats). When a person arrives at the
barbershop, they try to take a seat. After they are served by a barber, the
person releases the seat. If a person arrives at the barbershop when all three
seats are taken, they must wait for a certain amount of time. If this time
elapses and no seats have been freed, they will leave the barbershop.
Concurrency - Thread Pools, Callables, and Synchronizers Chapter 10
[ 566 ]
212. Phasers: Write a program that relies on Phaser to simulate the process of
starting a server in three phases. The server is considered started after its
five internal services have started. At the first phase, we need to
concurrently start three services. At the second phase, we need to
concurrently start two more two services (these can be started only if the
first three are already running). At phase three, the server performs a final
check-in and is considered started.